---
layout: post
title: Announcing BackOffice
category: blog
---

<p><strong>Announcing BackOffice</strong></p><p><strong>On Being a Small Business Owner</strong><br>
I built my last company with zero employees. That was partly because, 1. we couldn&#39;t afford a full-time employee, and 2. I didn&#39;t want the hassle or responsibility of hiring/training/firing.</p><p>I also wasn&#39;t always sure if I&#39;d have enough constant work for an employee. </p><p>Sure, I had plenty of stuff that needed to get done. But that need ebbed and flowed with the demands of the business. I didn&#39;t want to have to &quot;find work&quot; for the employee to do, or, even worse, fire them because I had mismanaged my business.</p><p>So things like writing email newsletters, answering customer support emails, doing competitor market research, mailing contracts to partners were sometimes left undone.</p><p>I tried to hack around this by hiring a ton of virtual assistants (VA&#39;s). </p><p>But that sucked, too, because many VA&#39;s have fairly narrow skill sets. Far too often, when I wanted to delegate a new task I&#39;d have to hire yet another VA, which meant: creating another job post, filtering through resumes, scheduling and doing Skype interviews, etc. Ugh.</p><p><strong>BackOffice is Born</strong><br>
So what do you do if you&#39;re hesitant to hire an employee, but need help with a large variety of tasks?</p><p>You use <a href="http://www.trybackoffice.com/">BackOffice</a>.</p><p>I started BackOffice to help small business owners like me. At BackOffice, you get assigned a single BackOffice Assistant. That person can help you with the usual admin stuff like scheduling, doing research, etc.</p><p>But if you have other needs, like setting up a website or answering customer phone calls, your BackOffice Assistant coordinates with our internal team of marketers, writers, and receptionists to get all that stuff done, too. We learn your business.</p><p>It&#39;s like having five employees for less than the cost of one.</p><p>And since BackOffice is month-to-month and can scale with you, there&#39;s no need to worry whether you&#39;ll have too little or too much work. You get maximum flexibility for minimal cost.</p><p>Have a sudden influx of customer support issues? We&#39;ll add more people to the job.</p><p>All that work you thought was going to take six months got done in two? You can scale down or cancel our service at any time.</p><p><a href="http://www.trybackoffice.com/what-we-do">Check out a sample of tasks that we do here</a>.</p><p><strong>Looking Forward</strong><br>
As more people and industries become accustomed to remote work, more small businesses will be looking for help online.</p><p>We just opened a month ago and have paying customers. A sample of our customer base today includes a software company, an auto shop, a lender, a photography studio, and others.</p><p>I think BackOffice is going to make a lot them very happy when they find out they can get all that work done for less than the cost of a new employee, without any of the financial or legal commitments.</p><p>I&#39;m excited to finally announce this publicly. If you have questions or are interested in using <a href="http://trybackoffice.com">BackOffice</a> (all plans start with a 7-day trial), please <a href="mailto:trevor@trybackoffice.com">email me here.</a></p>